Hello and welcome back.
Today we're going to be talking about the in the verse Parader principle.
This is a specific interpretation of the principle that I would like to share with you.
It is in fact the way to say no more often.
And finding the good way to do it.
This proto inverse proto principle is primarily applicable to the finite resources that you that you
have.
And I'll give you a few examples.
The most common example is that this is what I mean by final results.
One example is the effective working time that you have per day as an individual.
You can have it more than 24 hours for sure.
So it is already the definition of being finite.
Another example is your savings available for investments.
It could be your span of attention during the lecture including during this tutorial.
So your resources are usually almost always finite.
Why don't we have finite resources and input them into the system to get some output to the classical
perimeter principle suggests that 80 percent of the output will be associated with 20 percent of the
input of your finite results.
But the inverse is probably true as well meaning that 80 percent of your final results will lead only
to 20 percent of the output.
Isn't it amazing and mind blowing.
So what one could do in this situation is actually to identify these resources that were spent only
to get disproportionally small amount of output and eliminated.
Don't put it into the system in this case you are freeing up these finite resources to do something
else to apply in totally different other systems.
Or finding a better approach to the same problem that you can leverage and utilize your resources better.
I guess more effectively with a higher percentage of output with a higher ratio based on the principle
as one of my favorite writers Tim Ferriss said in one of his blog posts what you don't do determines
what you can do.
And I think that's could be.
This slide can be a good representation of his words.
If you eliminate your ineffective unproductive time in one of the systems you can use this time and
redeployed.
I want to bring one more quote in this case.
It is attributed to Warren Buffett that is related to the inverse period of principle in my view Warren
Buffett said the difference between successful and very successful people is that very successful people
say no to almost everything.
In this case I would probably say almost everything is 80 percent.
And on this note I would like to close it out.
I hope you enjoyed it and see in the next tutorial.